Why is this trash here?
Who brought him in?
Is he suitable here? Liu Shang. At first glance, this good-for-nothing fell in love with Zhao Chunxue.
Otherwise, how could he be qualified to be here during our activities?
Wang Kai must be a foul-mouthed person and talk nonsense.
Even if he is on my account.
Li Fei, you just defeated Wang Kai by luck.
It's best to put your cocked tail back.
Otherwise, I will help you support him.
Mr. Liu, you actually instigated Wang Kai to rob my company.
The hospital between us should also be settled.
Hahahaha, I have a hospital with you, this loser.
You think too highly of yourself
It is the origin of this batch of smuggling detected by the processing association.
So I hope you can put aside your personal grudges for the time being.
These are the original
The people of the association were busy all day and night
I don’t know how many more will come next.
The smuggling queen was caught
If they catch Chuanyuan
Is this waste so original?
Can't you waste it for personal reasons?
Ah, do you understand?
You will know in a moment
These are all the brains of an old pit
This material has been manipulated